AI #2350: Add Conditions to the spec (#2351)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/presence_conditions/baseline.md

# Baseline

> The Baseline presence condition represents a foundational state encompassing the common attributes inherently present across all [source operating models](#glossary:source-operating-model).

Author: ```suggestion
The Baseline presence condition represents a foundational state encompassing the common data elements inherently present across all [source operating models](#glossary:source-operating-model).
```
